
 
# Review of Tolstoj's "War and Peace" - a masterpiece of Russian literature
 
"War and Peace" is considered to be the most important work of the Russian writer Lev Tolstoy. It is set during the Napoleonic wars - a time of great upheavals for the whole of Europe. It also presents an epochal chronicle and panorama of Russian life. The reader witnesses the whole society of that time, from the highest circles of the court, aristocracy and army to the peasants and simple soldiers. The plot of the novel is situated in the salons of Petersburg and the noble houses of Moscow, as well as in the rural life of noble families in the Russian provinces. At the same time, it narrates the battles of Austerlitz and Borodino, the fire in Moscow and the rapid retreat of the French. Tolstoy describes the camp life of the soldiers, the hardships of long marches, the sufferings of war prisoners and indiscriminate executions of alleged arsonists - a whole immeasurable diversity of scenes, events and episodes unfolds and connects in a wide description on two thousand pages.
 
One of the countless main characters is the lovely Natasha from the now impoverished noble house Rostov - she falls in love with the wealthy prince Andrei Bolkonsky, but has to wait for him for a year. In this time, she is almost seduced by Anatol Kuragin, a libertine who is already married. Prince Andrei is wounded at Borodino and dies in Natasha's arms. Another protagonist is Pierre Bezuhov, an illegitimate son of a rich count who inherits his fortune and marries Elena Kuragina, a dissolute woman who cheats on him. Pierre is captured by the French and witnesses their retreat. He is freed by a peasant named Platon Karataev, who teaches him about life and happiness. Pierre returns to Moscow and reunites with Natasha, whom he eventually marries.
 
**Download File • [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fcinurl.com%2F2uIvgX&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3yAlHKESSaC4SDp00\_9TAO](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fcinurl.com%2F2uIvgX&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3yAlHKESSaC4SDp00_9TAO)**


 
Tolstoy often lets his Russian nobles speak French, which was common at that time, and thus transports the reader in a unique way to Russia of past times. Hardly any other work succeeds in reproducing so faithfully to the original the conditions of that time. "War and Peace" was first published in four parts in Moscow in 1868. Tolstoy revised and rewrote it many times. The original version was based on the text that Tolstoy initially wrote in 1867. The reconstruction was apparently quite difficult, because Tolstoy made numerous corrections on sheets of paper printed on both sides, which could not be easily attributed to the original or newer version. In 1918, a worker from Tolstoy's museum reconstructed the original text after decades of work. In 1983, it was finally published in the USSR, but only with scientific notes. Only in 2000 was the text revised in such a way as to be readable for non-scientists, and then translated into other languages.
 
Lav Nikolajevič Tolstoj - Rat i mir tom prvi,  Rat i mir PDF besplatna knjiga,  Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy - War and Peace,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir revidirana verzija,  Rat i mir - klasik ruske književnosti,  Lav Tolstoj - Rat i mir (1 deo) PDF download,  Rat i mir - istorijski roman o Napoleonovim ratovima,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir analiza likova,  Rat i mir - citati i mudre misli,  Lav Nikolajevič Tolstoj - biografija i dela,  Rat i mir - film adaptacija iz 1966. godine,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir (2 deo) PDF online,  Rat i mir - tema ljubavi i braka,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir kritika i ocena,  Rat i mir - značenje naslova i simbolika,  Lav Nikolajevič Tolstoj - filozofija i religija,  Rat i mir - poređenje sa drugim delima Tolstoja,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir (3 deo) PDF čitanje,  Rat i mir - uticaj na svetsku književnost,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir (4 deo) PDF završetak,  Rat i mir - glavni junaci Andrej Bolkonski i Nataša Rostova,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir originalni naslov Voyna i Mir,  Rat i mir - žanr epopeja ili roman u stihovima,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir prevod na srpski jezik,  Rat i mir - vreme radnje od 1805. do 1812. godine,  Lav Nikolajevič Tolstoj - uticaj na Gandija i Martina Lutera Kinga,  Rat i mir - stil pisanja realističan i detaljan,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir izvori inspiracije i istraživanja,  Rat i mir - broj stranica oko 1500 u proseku,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir najbolje izdanje Prosveta Beograd 1986.,  Rat i mir - sporedni likovi Pjer Bezuhov, Nikolaj Rostov, Sonja, Marija Bolkonska, Anatol Kuragin, Helene Kuragina, Kutuzov, Napoleon...,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir prvo objavljivanje u časopisu Russkiy Vestnik od 1865. do 1869. godine,  Rat i mir - vrsta naracije sveprisutni pripovedač sa povremenim komentarima autora,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir utisci čitalaca pozitivni i oduševljeni,  Rat i mir - nagrade i priznanja jedno od najvećih dela svetske književnosti,  Lav Nikolajevič Tolstoj - ostala dela Ana Karenjina, Smrt Ivana Iljiča, Kozaci, Hadži Murat, Vaskrsenje...,  Rat i mir - mesto radnje Rusija, Francuska, Austrija...,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir saveti za čitanje strpljenje, koncentracija, beleške o likovima...,  Rat i mir - uticaj na kulturu referencirano u mnogim drugim delima, filmovima, serijama, pesmama...,  Tolstoj - Rat i mir zanimljivosti o autoru vegetarijanac, pacifista, anarhista, reformator obrazovanja...
 
The novel tells an exciting and impressive story about Russia during the years from 1805 to 1812 and revives important historical figures such as Napoleon or Tsar Alexander I. The story is told almost exclusively from the perspective of Russian nobles, with several stories involving more than 250 people. The main characters are, however, three Russian noble families: Bolkonsky, Bezuhov and Rostov. In addition to reading this masterpiece, you can also download it as a PDF file from various online sources[^1^] [^2^] [^3^].
 8cf37b1e13
 
